
1. There  are that there is only one sprite is built into the code throught the Asciimation.cpp. Since that file only intializes one sprite, every Aciimation object will only contain one Sprite variable. This makes it so that for every new Sprite we want, we whave to intialize a new asciimation object and pass that new sprie as a parameter, or we have to override the sprite currently in the asciimation object, which would still result in one sprite. This means that when the animation is generated, it is only working with one sprite. 

1b. In order to add new Sprites, you will have to change the Asciimation constructor to create an array that will contain all the sprites int the Asciimation object so that all of them may be added. In addition, you may want to include an add() function that will add a new Sprite to the Asciimation Object and a delete that we can use to remove the object from the list. In addition, the constructor will have to be remade in order to be able to intialize sprites as they are added to the array. 


2. The sprite file will need to be changed and include private variables that will contain the width and the height of the sprite. These can be initialized in the constructor and will also be used when generating the asciimation object. Something that will also need to be checked is to make sure that the size of the sprite is smaller than the size of teh screen being used to create the sprite. 


3. in order to account for a change in the dimensions of the movie, we will need to create private variables in Asciimation.cpp that will take the passed parameters of the desired size and initialize two private variables with those sizes. In addiiton, you will have to check when initializing to make sure that the size of the movie is larger than the size of the parameter. In addition, you will have to add hte variable to generateAnimation and other functions that use those variables in determining the size of the movie. 